database	Introduction	details	Software and parameters
GO	Gene Ontology, GO is the established standard for the functional annotation of gene products. 	GO vocabulary is a controlled vocabulary used to classify the following functional attributes of gene products: Biological Process (BP), Molecular Function (MF) and Cellular Component (CC). GO term is the basic unit of GO system. Each term has a unique identifier. The relationship between the GO term of each ontology can form a Directed Acyclic Topology. More details could be found from the website: http://www.geneontology.org/. 	Base on the result of NR and Pfam protein annotation,use Blast2GO v2.5(Götz et al., 2008)and Novogene  script,e-value=1e-6
KEGG	Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes	KEGG is a database resource for understanding high-level functions and utilities of the biological system, such as the cell, the organism and the ecosystem, from molecular-level information, especially large-scale molecular datasets generated by genome sequencing and other high-throughput experimental technologies. It contains KEGG PATHWAY, KEGG DRUG, KEGG DISEASE, KEGG MODULE, KEGG GENES, KEGG GENOME etc. And KO system (KEGG ORTHOLOG) combines each KEGG annotation system. KEGG has established a complete KO annotation system which can accomplish the function annotation of the genome/transcriptome of a newly sequenced species. More details could be found from the following website: http://www.genome.jp/kegg/ .	Diamond v2.1.6, e-value=1e-5, --more-sensitive
CAZy	Carbohydrate-Active Enzymes Database	The CAZy database describes the families of structurally-related catalytic and carbohydrate-binding modules (or functional domains) of enzymes that degrade, modify, or create glycosidic bonds.Mainly covers 6 major functional categories：Glycoside Hydrolases (GHs)，Glycosyl ransferases(GTs）,Polysaccharide Lyases(PLs),Carbohydrate sterases(CEs),Auxiliary Activities(AAs),and Carbohydrate-Binding Modules(CBMs).	Diamond v2,1,6, e-value=1e-5, --more-sensitive
eggNOG	Evolutionary genealogy of genes: Non-supervised Orthologous Groups	eggNOG's database currently counts 721,801 orthologous groups in 1133 species, covering 4,396,591 proteins (built from 5,214,234 proteins)., e-value=1e-5, --more-sensitive
